Initial check mode (#807)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: README.md

- `root/dev/terragrunt.hcl`
- `root/qa/terragrunt.hcl`

> Additionally, there's a flag `--terragrunt-check`. It allows to validating if files are properly formatted. It does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there's a flag `--terragrunt-check`. It can be used for validating if files are properly formatted without actually formatting the files. It does not
```
